hey have you seen the trailer for the
new Star Wars movie this is a Star Wars
rise of Skywalker Lucasfilm released the
trailer on Monday night at halftime of
the Jets Patriots game at most Jets fans
didn't make it a half-time so we took
the liberty of asking members of our
local crew here in Brooklyn where's the
local crew there they are we asked them
to leave voice the new Star Wars trailer
in Brooklynese if you will so prepare to
be transported to a galaxy very friggin
far away they go that so many routes
[Music]
well that sucked
is that can you believe this weather are
you doing are you doing are you doing
are you doing down oh don't be a baby
you okay you good am I good explosion
[Music]
get me up yours oh my bad I'm sorry I
don't care you were go that's why your
feet don't bust my balls
the rise of Skywalker
get your tickets
to get TJ Abrams on the phone thanks to
our Brooklyn crew for that you are a
force to be reckoned with thank you
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel and I am NOT allowed
to eat this cookie until you click the
subscribe button so please click now I'm
hungry